How did viewing a FC between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

    It highlighted every line where the two codes differed, from there it 
    was simply a matter of finding a word that looked wrong

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    it will provide access to all iterations and allow seamless feedback 
    on the differences between the former an present forms removing 
    guesswork and leaving a trail to follow the steps backwards


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manually requires remembering as well as actually executing the function, leaving it vulnerable to forgetfulness. However it also 
    makes it deliberate and far more intentional as to what each iteration 
    will look like and saves on memory.
    It is the difference between driving automatic or stick.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	version control is designed to allow parallel comparison between old 
	and new versions of the same. To note differences and highlight 
	inefficiency. GoogleDocs is meant for word processing.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	I'm not sure yet. But I imagine that they are commands that compare versions and present them in parellel.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It's all backed up in the repository

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Machine learning and other courses!

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	It is external memory, everything is saved there which means I can leave for a period, or make several changes and not forget what I have already done.